SAT Groundworks – Website Content

SAT GROUNDWORKS AND TARMAC SERVICES SPECIALISE IN ALL ASPECTS OF GROUNDWORK
INCLUDING ROAD SURFACING, CAR PARKS, FOOTPATHS, DRIVEWAYS AND DROP KERBS
for both commercial and domestic clients in Redditch and surrounding areas

ABOUT
SAT groundworks and Tarmac Services is an established business, family run with over fifteen years experience in the surfacing industry.

Our company has flourished and we have a good reputation, we put this down to one simple fact, customer satisfaction is our first and foremost concern, whether that be a private or public contract.
We set out to provide the best quality results for prices that wont break the bank. Our experienced team of surfacing operatives are well equipped and highly trained ensuring quality results every time.
Their experience ranges from the smallest of jobs such as footpaths and drives to involvement in improving Britains public highways.

SERVICES
Driveway Surfacing 
A quality driveway does more than just increase the convenience of accessing your property and parking vehicles.
Driveways are home improvements that add real value to a property and, with a quality finish by a professional firm such as SAT, can be a real landscaping feature.
Whether block paving or paved, contemporary or classic, SAT groundworks and tarmac services have plenty of experience in delivering a first class finish.
Tarmac Surfacing:
Tarmac is still one of the most popular finishes for driveways today due to its longevity, flexibility and durability. Whether you’re looking to tarmac a driveway, parking bay or other surface… SAT will cater for your needs. A well-kept, top quality driveway not only improves the visual appeal of your property but can also increase the value of it. Our experienced team are committed to delivering high quality results at affordable prices and have the skills and experience necessary to do so. Choose either black or coloured tarmac.
Block Paving:
Made to last, block paving is available in numerous styles, colour and sizes to complement almost any setting.With our extensive range of Block Paving for Driveways there is virtually no limit to the effects that you can create and we help to bring a touch of individuality to the front of your home. Laid in traditional patterns such as herringbone and basket weave, we can create an impressive individual finish using a wide range of colour including; brindle, red, charcoal, buff, burnt ochre, bracken and pewter multi.
Resin Bonded Gravel Driveway:
For property owners who are looking for driveway paving that is built to last, resin bonded gravel is a much better option than loose gravel. Resin driveways are made from the same gravel aggregate that makes up loose gravel driveways, with the main difference being that the aggregate is held fast to new or existing hard standings with powerful epoxy binders. Resin driveways are made from the same anti-skid technology commonly used on major roadways throughout the UK, roadways that withstand the stress of being driven on by up to 30,000 vehicles every day.


Carparks and Public Utilities
SAT will cater for any commercial contracts including carparks, pathways, bus lanes, cycle lanes and parks/recreational areas.

Carpark Surfacing:
Car parks are, in many cases, the first impression of a business or organisation and it's environment. As such our clients require quality and timely planning, workmanship and reliable materials. This is what we provide at SAT.
On many occasions, the existing surface may not be the best solution for area in question, for example if the car park requires a lot of static wheel turning then a higher grade of material may be necessary in order to offer longevity. We will also ensure that the car park has adequate drainage and consider the layout of any line markings. These kind of considerations are where our expertise comes into it's own.
We have the capability to carry out works on any car park, regardless of it's size or shape and are happy to offer a free quotation.
Pathway Surfacing:
We work on pathways, old and new, for a variety of clients each with their own individual requirements. We also offer a range of surfaces including asphalt, macadam, block paving, shingle or surface dressing and are happy to give prices on a number of different options.
We will work on any project however large or small and always work to the current and relevant highway specification. A member of our team will be happy to meet you to discuss you requirements or quote from plans if you would prefer.
Softpour Rubber (Playground) Surfacing:
We are specialists in the design and installation of rubber playground surfaces and wet pour, non-slip surfacing for a multitude of applications, such as childrens playgrounds, pathways, car parks and gardens.
On hand are a team of knowledgeable experts who will be able to help you design your rubber tarmac flooring allowing you to create an attractive and encouraging play area for children to play as well as being practical and safe to use, no matter what the weather, which is exactly what you want from your rubber surfacing.

Footpaths and Drop Kerbs
Footpath resurfacing:
We work on pathways, old and new, for a variety of clients each with their own individual requirements. We also offer a range of surfaces including asphalt, macadam, block paving, shingle or surface dressing and are happy to give prices on a number of different options.
We will work on any project however large or small. A member of our team will be happy to meet you to discuss you requirements or quote from plans if you would prefer.
Dropped Kerbs:
A dropped kerb allows vehicles to cross the pavement from the road to your driveway.
Constructed and resurfaced to highway specification SAT will create a neat and professional dropped kerb allowing easy access to your property.

Garden Surfacing
Durable Astroturf Artificial Lawn:
We offer a unique service which allows you to turn your garden into a beautiful, low maintenance landscape using our durable astroturf artificial lawn.
The artificial lawn is the perfect solution to patchy muddy lawns for dogs and pets and the fake grass will not discolour from pet foul.
The maintenance for artificial grass is minimal, just as with natural grass, debris will blow on and off the area, it can be cleaned using a brush, blower or garden vac etc... artificial grass can be laid on to decking, paving and concrete, we will always ensure the surface is level and free from undulations, as well as free draining.

Contact Us
For all enquiries, do not hesitate to contact us. Alternatively, if you would like to receive a free no obligation quotation from us, please contact us by phone or email
 
Shane Taylor
Tel: 01527 458 989 / 07976 73 199
Email: satgroundworks1@hotmail.co.uk
Address:
73 Throckmorton Road
Redditch
Worcestershire
B98 7RL

